we have core react. From this we learn react-dom for web-app and react-native for mobile-app.

1. Installing react
    - npx create-react-app projectname  ---> but this take longer time and high internet speed
    - npm create@latest where we have to select different things. But we do not get node modules folder. 
        so we run "npm install" in absence of modules folder. This will install all the required package. 
        from vite to run project we use: npm run dev (same as : npm run start)


when we create react-project, inside package.json file, we get different libraries like react, react-dom, react-script, other testing libraries, web-vitals which we use to check our project performance

we get some script also, like start, build, test, eject
- start: to run project in developer environment 
- build: to run project in production environment
- test: during testing


moreover in package.json file we get more things like in which browser does it work.

running project:
>>npm run start  ----> "start" is script which is for developer environment 



we do most of the work from source folder and can delete any thing that we do not want fromt it. 



tutorial:2
we create SPA: single page app whcih means we have only one html file(public dir) and we are manipulating DOM for pages like(about, home, contact us)

react create it's own DOM and compare with browser DOM and change accordingly.

There is a link between index.html file of public dir and app.js, index.js file of src dir. And these are linked by "react-scripts" of dependencies of package.json folder. This react-scipt inject all the js file to index.html file.

and then inside index.js file
// here we are accessing the "root" div of index.html file thorugh createRoot method. 
// we are rendering virtual_react-dom through .render method, where we have "app" tag(provided by react same like div tag in html.)
// And this app tag is linked to the App function() of app.js file. And that function provide the facility to write html in js. 
// At last, the app function of app.js file will be loaded/rendered to the index.html file of pubic folder.


But we donot have react-script in vite. While vite directly inject/link all the script file in index.html file which is available outside the src folder.